I think it's you who cheated
Hey to the chief
How did I cheat?
I really work
Right.
We collected this card in their gift box.
Is that right, but Yiqiu's place
I will interview Lu Zhijie for every audience member who wins the lottery.
So far, 3 people have received the car.
10 people received the washing machine.
I have a record in this video recorder
Would you like to take a look?
Do you have records?
This reporter Liu Da said that he has a record of receiving awards
This is going to be on TV.
There are big journalists who definitely don't lie
So the food factory didn't lie to us in the summer?
Could it be that you can really receive the award?
Reporter Liu
Although you do have a record
But it's very likely that they found it
It must be Toh.
Otherwise, we won the lottery, why didn't he give it to us?
Yeah, why don't I talk to you?
Don't you have a point in your heart?
That means your activity is completely fake.
fake
Stop confusing black and white for me.
What's wrong with the card?
My card is clearly the same
I'm afraid you don't know yet
Cary produced by us
All have independent numbered maps for anti-counterfeiting identification
And you, Cary
I'm afraid there's nothing.